README.md, before:

# Employee Polls Project

This is the starter code for the final assessment project for Udacity's React & Redux course.

The `_DATA.js` file represents a fake database and methods that let you access the data. The only thing you need to edit in the ` _DATA.js` file is the value of `avatarURL`. Each user should have an avatar, so you’ll need to add the path to each user’s avatar.

Using the provided starter code, you'll build a React/Redux front end for the application. We recommend using the [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) to bootstrap the project.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

## Data

There are two types of objects stored in our database:

* Users
* Questions

### Users

Users include:

| Attribute    | Type             | Description           |
|-----------------|------------------|-------------------         |
| id                 | String           | The user’s unique identifier |
| password   | String           | The user’s password in order to log in the application |
| name          | String           | The user’s first name  and last name     |
| avatarURL  | String           | The path to the image file |
| questions | Array | A list of ids of the polling questions this user created|
| answers      | Object         |  The object's keys are the ids of each question this user answered. The value of each key is the answer the user selected. It can be either `'optionOne'` or `'optionTwo'` since each question has two options.

### Questions

Questions include:

| Attribute | Type | Description |
|-----------------|------------------|-------------------|
| id                  | String | The question’s unique identifier |
| author        | String | The author’s unique identifier |
| timestamp | String | The time when the question was created|
| optionOne | Object | The first voting option|
| optionTwo | Object | The second voting option|

### Voting Options

Voting options are attached to questions. They include:

| Attribute | Type | Description |
|-----------------|------------------|-------------------|
| votes             | Array | A list that contains the id of each user who voted for that option|
| text                | String | The text of the option |

Your code will talk to the database via 4 methods:

* `_getUsers()`
* `_getQuestions()`
* `_saveQuestion(question)`
* `_saveQuestionAnswer(object)`

1) `_getUsers()` Method

*Description*: Get all of the existing users from the database.  
*Return Value*: Object where the key is the user’s id and the value is the user object.

2) `_getQuestions()` Method

*Description*: Get all of the existing questions from the database.  
*Return Value*: Object where the key is the question’s id and the value is the question object.

3) `_saveQuestion(question)` Method

*Description*: Save the polling question in the database. If one of the parameters are missing, an error is thrown.
*Parameters*:  Object that includes the following properties: `author`, `optionOneText`, and `optionTwoText`. More details about these properties:

| Attribute | Type | Description |
|-----------------|------------------|-------------------|
| author | String | The id of the user who posted the question|
| optionOneText| String | The text of the first option |
| optionTwoText | String | The text of the second option |

*Return Value*:  An object that has the following properties: `id`, `author`, `optionOne`, `optionTwo`, `timestamp`. More details about these properties:

| Attribute | Type | Description |
|-----------------|------------------|-------------------|
| id | String | The id of the question that was posted|
| author | String | The id of the user who posted the question|
| optionOne | Object | The object has a text property and a votes property, which stores an array of the ids of the users who voted for that option|
| optionTwo | Object | The object has a text property and a votes property, which stores an array of the ids of the users who voted for that option|
|timestamp|String | The time when the question was created|

4) `_saveQuestionAnswer(object)` Method

*Description*: Save the answer to a particular polling question in the database. If one of the parameters are missing, an error is thrown.
*Parameters*: Object that contains the following properties: `authedUser`, `qid`, and `answer`. More details about these properties:

| Attribute | Type | Description |
|-----------------|------------------|-------------------|
| authedUser | String | The id of the user who answered the question|
| qid | String | The id of the question that was answered|
| answer | String | The option the user selected. The value should be either `"optionOne"` or `"optionTwo"`|

Commit message:

Updated README + removed static build errors

README.md, after:

# Employee Polls Project

This is employee poll application written in React. It allows user to answer any existing poll or add a new poll. I have developed this project on top of my older sumbitted project [Would You Rather](https://github.com/himanshumukat91/would-you-rather) for Udacity Mentorship. This has Unit testing in addition to some UI updates on top of my previous project. Also I have changed from TS to JS for easier review.

This project Github Link: https://github.com/himanshumukat91/Employee-Polls

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

## Data

There are two types of objects stored in our database:

* Users
* Questions

### Users

Users include:

| Attribute    | Type             | Description           |
|-----------------|------------------|-------------------         |
| id                 | String           | The user’s unique identifier |
| password   | String           | The user’s password in order to log in the application |
| name          | String           | The user’s first name  and last name     |
| avatarURL  | String           | The path to the image file |
| questions | Array | A list of ids of the polling questions this user created|
| answers      | Object         |  The object's keys are the ids of each question this user answered. The value of each key is the answer the user selected. It can be either `'optionOne'` or `'optionTwo'` since each question has two options.

### Questions

Questions include:

| Attribute | Type | Description |
|-----------------|------------------|-------------------|
| id                  | String | The question’s unique identifier |
| author        | String | The author’s unique identifier |
| timestamp | String | The time when the question was created|
| optionOne | Object | The first voting option|
| optionTwo | Object | The second voting option|

### Voting Options

Voting options are attached to questions. They include:

| Attribute | Type | Description |
|-----------------|------------------|-------------------|
| votes             | Array | A list that contains the id of each user who voted for that option|
| text                | String | The text of the option |

Your code will talk to the database via 4 methods:

* `_getUsers()`
* `_getQuestions()`
* `_saveQuestion(question)`
* `_saveQuestionAnswer(object)`

1) `_getUsers()` Method

*Description*: Get all of the existing users from the database.  
*Return Value*: Object where the key is the user’s id and the value is the user object.

2) `_getQuestions()` Method

*Description*: Get all of the existing questions from the database.  
*Return Value*: Object where the key is the question’s id and the value is the question object.

3) `_saveQuestion(question)` Method

*Description*: Save the polling question in the database. If one of the parameters are missing, an error is thrown.
*Parameters*:  Object that includes the following properties: `author`, `optionOneText`, and `optionTwoText`. More details about these properties:

| Attribute | Type | Description |
|-----------------|------------------|-------------------|
| author | String | The id of the user who posted the question|
| optionOneText| String | The text of the first option |
| optionTwoText | String | The text of the second option |

*Return Value*:  An object that has the following properties: `id`, `author`, `optionOne`, `optionTwo`, `timestamp`. More details about these properties:

| Attribute | Type | Description |
|-----------------|------------------|-------------------|
| id | String | The id of the question that was posted|
| author | String | The id of the user who posted the question|
| optionOne | Object | The object has a text property and a votes property, which stores an array of the ids of the users who voted for that option|
| optionTwo | Object | The object has a text property and a votes property, which stores an array of the ids of the users who voted for that option|
|timestamp|String | The time when the question was created|

4) `_saveQuestionAnswer(object)` Method

*Description*: Save the answer to a particular polling question in the database. If one of the parameters are missing, an error is thrown.
*Parameters*: Object that contains the following properties: `authedUser`, `qid`, and `answer`. More details about these properties:

| Attribute | Type | Description |
|-----------------|------------------|-------------------|
| authedUser | String | The id of the user who answered the question|
| qid | String | The id of the question that was answered|
| answer | String | The option the user selected. The value should be either `"optionOne"` or `"optionTwo"`|
